Update link to devs_ux channel on discord (#18569)
home-assistant/frontend: gallery/src/pages/concepts/home.markdown

We want to make it as easy for designers to contribute as it is for developers. There’s a lot a designer can contribute to:

> - Meet us at <a href="https://discord.com/channels/330944238910963714/867715211619074048" rel="noopener noreferrer" target="_blank">devs_ux Discord</a>. Feel free to share your designs, user test or strategic ideas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Meet us at <a href="https://www.home-assistant.io/join-chat" rel="noopener noreferrer" target="_blank">devs_ux Discord</a>. Feel free to share your designs, user test or strategic ideas.
```
